Reduce extension mandates (#94)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-server-platform: server_platform_requirements.adoc

     motivation for requiring Zkr is that servers typically need access
     to an entropy source at boot time._

| `RVA_025` a| The RISC-V application processor harts in the SoC SHOULD support
             the Svadu extension.
2+| _Svadu may become mandatory in a later version of this specification._

| `RVA_030` a| The RISC-V application processor harts in the SoC SHOULD support
             the Ssctr extension (cite:[CTR]) with a CTR depth value of 32.
             Additional CTR depth values MAY be supported.
2+| _The motivation for suggesting Ssctr is that similar capabilities from other
     architectures are used by profile-guided optimization (PGO) tools to improve
     builds for workloads typical of servers. Implementing a CTR depth of 32
     provides a common CTR depth across implementations for purposes of VM

>      migration. Ssctr and a CTR depth of 32 may become mandatory in a later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     migration. Ssctr is expected to be mandatory in a later
```

>      version of this specification._

Reviewer: With change suggested above to RVA_030, this change would not be required.
